---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_organization_integration Data Source - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing organization integration.
---

# Data Source: pipes_organization_integration

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing organization integration.

## Example Usage

**Retrieve information about the integration with handle `github` belonging to the organization `org_aaa`**

```terraform
data "pipes_organization_integration" "org_aaa_github" {
  organization = "org_aaa"
  handle = "github"
}
```

**Retrieve information about the integration with handle `aws_test` belonging to the organization `org_aaa`**

```terraform
data "pipes_organization_integration" "org_aaa_aws" {
  organization = "org_aaa"
  handle = "aws_test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `handle` - (Required) The handle of the integration to be retrieved.
- `organization` - (Required) The handle of the organization to which the integration belongs to.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `config` - The configuration for the integration
- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the integration was created at.  
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this integration.
- `github_installation_id` - The installation id of the github app populated when the integration type is `github`. 
- `integration_id` - The unique identifier of the integration.
- `pipeline_id` -  The unique identifier of the pipeline in case the integration requires periodic synchronization.
- `state` - The current state of the integration.
- `state_reason` - The reason for the current state of the integration.
- `tenant_id` - The id of the tenant to which the organization belongs to.
- `type` -  The type of integration e.g. `aws`, `gcp`, `azure`, `github`, `gitlab` etc.
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the integration was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this integration.
- `version_id` - The version ID of the integration.
