---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_pipeline Data Source - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing flowpipe pipeline benlonging to a workspace.
---

# Data Source: pipes_workspace_flowpipe_pipeline

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing flowpipe pipeline benlonging to a workspace.

## Example Usage

**Get details about a flowpipe pipeline belonging to a personal workspace with handle `dev`**

```terraform
data "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_pipeline" "my_flowpipe_pipeline" {
  workspace = "dev"
  workspace_mod_pipeline_id = "wmp_cu8nd0lrm0uc4qf955e0"
}
```

**Get details about a flowpipe pipeline belonging to a workspace with handle `dev` of an organization**

```terraform
data "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_pipeline" "acme_dev" {
  organization = "acme"
  workspace = "dev"
  workspace_mod_pipeline_id = "wmp_cu8nd0lrm0uc4qf955e0"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `workspace` - (Required) The handle of the workspace which contains the flowpipe pipeline.
- `workspace_mod_pipeline_id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the flowpipe pipeline.
- `organization` - (Optional) The handle of the organization to which the workspace belongs to.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported.

- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the flowpipe pipeline was created at.  
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this flowpipe pipeline.  
- `description` - The description of the flowpipe pipeline.
- `last_process_id` - The unique identifier of the last process which ran this flowpipe pipeline.  
- `name` - The name of the flowpipe pipeline.
- `params` - The parameters of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `steps` - The steps of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `tags` - The tags of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `title` - The title of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `triggers` - The triggers of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the flowpipe pipeline was last updated at.  
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this flowpipe pipeline.  
- `version_id` - The version ID of the flowpipe pipeline.  
- `workspace_mod_id` - The unique identifier of the workspace mod to which the flowpipe pipeline belongs.  
