---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_workspace Data Source - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing workspace.
---

# Data Source: pipes_workspace

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing workspace.

## Example Usage

**Get details about my workspace with handle `dev`**

```terraform
data "pipes_workspace" "my_workspace" {
  handle = "dev"
}
```

**Get details about workspace with handle `dev` belonging to org `acme`**

```terraform
data "pipes_workspace" "acme_dev" {
  organization = "acme"
  handle = "dev"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `handle` - (Required) The handle of the workspace to get the details for.
- `organization` - (Optional) The handle of the organization to which the workspace belongs to.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported.

- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the workspace was created at.
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this workspace.
- `database_name` - The name of the Steampipe workspace database.  
- `db_volume_size_bytes` - The size of the database volume in bytes.  
- `desired_state` - The desired state of the workspace.    
- `hive` - The hive of the workspace.  
- `host` - The hostname of the workspace.  
- `identity_id` - The unique identifier of the identity where the workspace is created.  
- `instance_type` - The instance type of the workspace.   
- `state_reason` - The reason for the current state of the workspace.  
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the workspace was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this workspace.
- `version_id` - The version ID of the workspace.
- `workspace_id` - The unique identifier of the workspace.
- `workspace_state` - The current state of the workspace.
