---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_organization_connection_folder_permission Resource - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Pipes Connection Folder Permission resource on an organization. The `Turbot Pipes Permission` allows connections / connection folders to be shared across tenant, identity, or workspace depending on the level at which the connection / connection folder exists.
---

# Resource: pipes_organization_connection_folder_permission

Manages permission for a connection folder, which is defined on an organization.

## Example Usage

**Create permission for an organization connection folder to the whole org**

```hcl
resource "pipes_organization_connection_folder" "test_folder" {
  organization = "acme"
  title = "Test Folder"
}

resource "pipes_organization_connection_folder_permission" "test_folder_permission" {
  organization          = "acme"
  connection_folder_id  = pipes_organization_connection_folder.test_folder.connection_folder_id
  identity_handle       = "acme"
}
```

**Create permission for an organization connection folder to a specific workspace**

```hcl
resource "pipes_organization_connection_folder" "test_folder" {
  organization = "acme"
  title = "Test Folder"
}

resource "pipes_organization_connection_folder_permission" "test_folder_permission" {
  organization          = "acme"
  connection_folder_id  = pipes_organization_connection_folder.test_folder.connection_folder_id
  identity_handle       = "acme"
  workspace_handle      = "devops"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `connection_folder_id` - (Required) ID of the connection folder for which permission needs to be maintained.
- `organization` - (Required) Handle of the organization where the connection folder is defined.
- `tenant_handle` - (Optional) Handle of the tenant to which permission needs to be granted.
- `identity_handle` - (Optional) Handle of the identity (user / org) to which permission needs to be granted. Required if permission is to be granted to an identity or a workspace.
- `workspace_handle` - (Optional) Handle of the workspace to which permission needs to be granted. `identity_handle` also needs to be provided to identify the exact workspace.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `connection_id` - Unique identifier of the connection.
- `created_at` - The time when the connection was created.
- `created_by` - The handle of the user who created the connection.
- `identity_id` - Unique identifier of the identity to which the permission is granted if any.
- `permission_id` - Unique identifier of the permission.
- `tenant_id` - Unique identifier of the tenant where the permission is granted if any.
- `updated_at` - The time when the connection was last updated.
- `updated_by` - The handle of the user who last updated the connection.
- `version_id` - The connection version.
- `workspace_id` - Unique identifier of the workspace to which the permission is granted if any.

## Import

Organization connection folder permissions can be imported using an ID made up of `organization_handle/connection_folder_id/permission_id`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_organization_connection_folder_permission.example acme/c_cqlp0647sic7opq2n5d0/p_cqlp0647sic7l5q2n5d0
```
