---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The `Turbot Pipes Workspace` provides a bounded context for managing, operating, and securing Steampipe resources.

  A workspace comprises a single Steampipe database instance as well as a directory of mod resources such as queries, benchmarks, and controls. Workspaces allow you to separate your Steampipe instances for security, operational, or organizational purposes.
---

# Resource: pipes_workspace

Manages a workspace, which is defined at the user account or organization level.

## Example Usage

**Create a user workspace**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "test_user_workspace" {
  handle = "myworkspace"
}
```

**Create an organization workspace**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "test_org_workspace" {
  organization = "myorg"
  handle       = "myorgworkspace"
}
```

**Create a user workspace with a defined instance type**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "test_user_workspace" {
  handle        = "myworkspace"
  instance_type = "db1.small"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `handle` - (Required) A friendly identifier for your workspace, and must be unique across your workspaces.
- `desired_state` - (Optional) The desired state of the workspace, which can be set only after it has already been created. Valid values are `enabled`, `disabled` and `paused`.
- `instance_type` - (Optional) The instance type to use for the workspace database. Valid instance type values are `db1.shared` and `db1.small`. Defaults to `db1.shared` if nothing is passed.
- `organization` - (Optional) An organization ID or handle to create the workspace in.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` - The creation time of the workspace.
- `created_by` - The handle of the user who created the workspace.
- `database_name` - The name of the Steampipe workspace database.
- `host` - The hostname.
- `identity_id` - An unique identifier of the entity where the workspace is created.
- `state_reason` - The reason for the current state of the workspace.
- `updated_at` - The time when the workspace was last updated.
- `updated_by` - The handle of the user who last updated the workspace.
- `version_id` - The workspace version.
- `workspace_id` - An unique identifier of the workspace.
- `workspace_state` - The current state of the workspace.

## Import

### Import User Workspace

User workspaces can be imported using the workspace `handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace.example myworkspace
```

### Import Organization Workspace

Organization workspaces can be imported using an ID made up of `organization_handle/workspace_handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace.example myorg/myworkspace
```
