---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_workspace_datatank Resource - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The `Turbot Pipes Workspace Datatank` represents datatanks configured in a workspace.
---

# Resource: pipes_workspace_datatank

Manages a workspace datatank.

## Example Usage

**Create a user workspace datatank**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "test_user_workspace" {
  handle = "dev"
}

resource "pipes_workspace_datatank" "fast_net_datatank" {
  workspace_handle = pipes_workspace.test_user_workspace.handle
  handle           = "fast_net"
  description      = "Datatank to persist net records."
}
```

**Create an organization workspace datatank**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "test_org_workspace" {
  organization = "testorg"
  handle       = "dev"
}

resource "pipes_workspace_datatank" "fast_net_datatank" {
  organization     = pipes_workspace.test_org_workspace.organization
  workspace_handle = pipes_workspace.test_org_workspace.handle
  handle           = "fast_net"
  description      = "Datatank to persist net records."
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `handle` - (Required) A friendly identifier for your datatank, which must be unique across all schemas in your workspace.
- `workspace_handle` - (Required) The handle of the workspace to manage the datatank for.
- `description` - (Optional) A description for the datatank.
- `desired_state` - (Optional) The desired state of the datatank, which can be set only after it has already been created. Valid values are `enabled`, `disabled` and `paused`.
- `organization` - (Optional) The optional handle of the organization to be used when the datatank to be managed belongs to an organization.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the datatank was created at.
- `created_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that created this datatank.
- `datatank_id` - The unique identifier of the datatank.
- `identity_id` - The unique identifier of the identity to which the datatank belongs to.
- `state` - The current state of the datatank.
- `state_reason` - The reason for the current state of the datatank.
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the datatank was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The unique identifier of the actor that last updated this datatank.
- `version_id` - The version ID of the datatank.
- `workspace_id` - The unique identifier of the workspace in which the datatank exists.

## Import

### Import User Workspace Datatank

User workspace datatanks can be imported using an ID made up of `workspace_handle/datatank_handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace_datatank.example dev/fast_net
```

### Import Organization Workspace Datatank

Organization workspace datatanks can be imported using an ID made up of `organization/workspace_handle/datatank_handle`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace_datatank.example myorg/dev/fast_net
```
