---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod Resource - terraform-provider-pipes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The `Turbot Pipes Workspace Flowpipe Mod` represents flowpipe mods that are currently installed in your workspace.
---

# Resource: pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod

Manages a workspace flowpipe mod.

## Example Usage

**Install a user workspace flowpipe mod**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "dev_workspace" {
  handle = "dev"
}

resource "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod" "aws_tags" {
  workspace_handle = pipes_workspace.dev_workspace.handle
  path = "github.com/turbot/flowpipe-mod-aws-tags"
}
```

**Install an organization workspace flowpipe mod**

```hcl
resource "pipes_workspace" "org_dev_workspace" {
  organization = "testorg"
  handle       = "dev"
}

resource "pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod" "aws_tags" {
  organization = pipes_workspace.org_dev_workspace.organization
  workspace_handle = pipes_workspace.org_dev_workspace.handle
  path = "github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-tags"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `path` - (Required) The path of the public git repo containing the mod.
- `workspace_handle` - (Required) The handle of the workspace to install the mod in.
- `constraint` - (Optional) The semver constraint for the mod version to install. Defaults to "*".
- `organization` - (Optional) The optional handle of the organization to be used when the mod to be installed in a workspace belonging to an organization.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `alias` - The unique human-friendly alias for this mod within the workspace.
- `created_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the mod entity was created at.
- `created_by` - The handle of the user who installed the mod.
- `identity_id` - A unique identifier of the entity, where the mod is created.
- `installed_version` - The installed version of the the mod.
- `state` - The state of the mod installation.
- `state_reason` - The reason for the state of the mod installation.
- `updated_at` - The ISO 8601 date & time the mod entity was last updated at.
- `updated_by` - The handle of the user who last updated the mod.
- `version_id` - The mod version.
- `workspace_id` - A unique identifier of the workspace.
- `workspace_mod_id` - A unique identifier of the mod.

## Import

### Import User Workspace Mod

User workspace mods can be imported using an ID made up of `workspace_handle/mod_alias`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod.example dev/aws_tags
```

### Import Organization Workspace Mod

Organization workspace mods can be imported using an ID made up of `organization_handle/workspace_handle/mod_alias`, e.g.,

```sh
terraform import pipes_workspace_flowpipe_mod.example myorg/dev/aws_tags
```
